Dashboard.md, before:

[Back to Wiki home](./)

***

You can access uBlock Origin's ("uBO") dashboard by ...
- Clicking the appropriate icon in uBO's popup panel: <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/886325/49340318-7d932280-f63e-11e8-9db9-96aa84d00f3b.png" alt="Open the dashboard"> tooltip is "Open the dashboard".
- Chromium-based browsers:
    - Clicking _Details_ button on uBO tile and then _Extension options_ link in the _Extensions_ page `chrome://extensions/` (Kebab Menu -> More tools -> Extensions); OR
    - Right-clicking on uBO's icon in the toolbar and selecting _Options_ menu item;
- Firefox-based browsers:
    - With Firefox 70:
        - Selecting _Preferences_ entry from `•••` ("meatballs") menu in uBO's tile in the `about:addons` page (Hamburger Menu -> Add-ons); OR
        - Right-clicking on uBO's icon in the toolbar and selecting _Manage Extension_, then selecting _Preferences_ entry from `•••` menu in top right corner;
    - Before Firefox 70:
        - Clicking uBO's _Preferences_ button in the `about:addons` page (Hamburger Menu -> Add-ons); OR
        - Right-clicking on uBO's icon in the toolbar and selecting _Manage Extension_, then _Preferences_ button at the bottom;

Commit message:

Chrome button can be hidden under puzzle-piece

Dashboard.md, after:

[Back to Wiki home](./)

***

You can access uBlock Origin's ("uBO") dashboard by ...
- Clicking the appropriate icon in uBO's popup panel: <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/886325/49340318-7d932280-f63e-11e8-9db9-96aa84d00f3b.png" alt="Open the dashboard"> tooltip is "Open the dashboard".
- Chromium-based browsers:
    - Clicking _Details_ button on uBO tile and then _Extension options_ link in the _Extensions_ page `chrome://extensions/` (Kebab Menu -> More tools -> Extensions); OR
    - Right-clicking on uBO's icon in the toolbar (can be hidden under puzzle-piece icon) and selecting _Options_ menu item;
- Firefox-based browsers:
    - With Firefox 70:
        - Selecting _Preferences_ entry from `•••` ("meatballs") menu in uBO's tile in the `about:addons` page (Hamburger Menu -> Add-ons); OR
        - Right-clicking on uBO's icon in the toolbar and selecting _Manage Extension_, then selecting _Preferences_ entry from `•••` menu in top right corner;
    - Before Firefox 70:
        - Clicking uBO's _Preferences_ button in the `about:addons` page (Hamburger Menu -> Add-ons); OR
        - Right-clicking on uBO's icon in the toolbar and selecting _Manage Extension_, then _Preferences_ button at the bottom;
