Home.md, before:

- [Chinese translation of this Wiki: 中文](https://github.com/fang5566/uBlock/wiki/Home)
- [Change log](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/releases) / [Pre-fork: 0.8.2.1 - 0.2.0.0](https://github.com/uBlock-LLC/uBlock/releases?after=0.8.2.2) / [Pre-fork: 0.1.4.8 and less](./Change-log)
- [Permissions](./Permissions)
    - [Can you trust uBlock Origin?](./Can-you-trust-uBlock-Origin%3F)
- [Privacy policy](./Privacy-policy)
- Install from [Mozilla Add-ons for Firefox ↪](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/), [Chrome store ↪](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm), [Opera store ↪](https://addons.opera.com/en-gb/extensions/details/ublock/), or [manually](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/tree/master/dist#install).
- [The popup user interface](./Quick-guide:-popup-user-interface)
    - [The per-site switches](./Per-site-switches)
- [The context menu](./The-context-menu)
- [Dashboard](./Dashboard)
    - [_Settings_](./Dashboard:-Settings) pane
        - [Cloud storage](./Cloud-storage)
        - [Advanced-user-features](./Advanced-user-features)
            - [Advanced-settings](./Advanced-settings)
    - [_Filter lists_](./Dashboard:-Filter-lists) pane
        - [Filter lists from around the web](./Filter-lists-from-around-the-web)
    - [_My filters_](./Dashboard:-My-filters) pane
        - [Static filter syntax](./Static-filter-syntax)
            - [Procedural cosmetic filters](./Procedural-cosmetic-filters)
            - [Resources Library](./Resources-Library)
    - [_My rules_](./Dashboard:-My-rules) pane
        - [Dynamic filtering](./Dynamic-filtering)
            - [Quick guide](./Dynamic-filtering:-quick-guide)
            - [Rule syntax](./Dynamic-filtering:-rule-syntax)
            - [Rule precedence](./Dynamic-filtering:-precedence)
            - [Blocking mode](./Blocking-mode)
        - [Dynamic URL filtering](./Dynamic-URL-filtering)
    - [_Trusted sites_ pane](./Dashboard:-Trusted-sites)
        - [How to mark a web site as trusted](./How-to-mark-a-web-site-as-trusted)
    - [Keyboard shortcuts](./Keyboard-shortcuts)
- [The logger](./The-logger)
    - [DOM inspector](./DOM-inspector)
- [Element picker](./Element-picker)
- [Element zapper](./Element-zapper)
- [Blocking mode](./Blocking-mode)
    - [Very easy mode](./Blocking-mode:-very-easy-mode)
    - [Easy mode](./Blocking-mode:-easy-mode) (default)
        - [Easy mode + more privacy](./Dynamic-filtering:-to-easily-reduce-privacy-exposure)
        - [Easy mode + enhanced security/privacy](./Dynamic-filtering:-Benefits-of-blocking-3rd-party-iframe-tags)
    - [Medium mode](./Blocking-mode:-medium-mode) (optimal for advanced users)
    - [Hard mode](./Blocking-mode:-hard-mode)
    - [Nightmare mode](./Blocking-mode:-nightmare-mode)
- [Strict blocking](./Strict-blocking)
    - [Badware risks](./Badware-risks)
- [Overview of uBlock's network filtering engine](./Overview-of-uBlock's-network-filtering-engine)
    - [Overview of uBlock's network filtering engine: details](./Overview-of-uBlock's-network-filtering-engine:-details)
    - [Does uBlock block ads or just hide them?](./Does-uBlock-block-ads-or-just-hide-them%3F)
    - [Doesn't uBlock Origin add overhead to page load?](./Doesn't-uBlock-Origin-add-overhead-to-page-load%3F)
- [Tools, tests](./Tools)
- [Deploying uBlock Origin](./Deploying-uBlock-Origin)
- Troubleshooting:
    - [Privileged Pages](./Privileged-Pages)
    - [Software known to have uninstalled uBlock Origin](./Software-known-to-have-uninstalled-uBlock-Origin)
    - [The removed element reappears when you reload the page](./Element-picker#the-removed-element-reappears-when-you-reload-the-page)
    - [Read carefully if using uBO/webext on legacy Firefox](./Firefox-WebExtensions)
- Good external guides:
    - [How to use uBlock Origin advanced user mode tutorial ↪](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lisQQmWQkY)
    - [Firefox: uBlock Origin – Firefox-Kompendium Teil2 ↪](https://www.kuketz-blog.de/firefox-ublock-origin-firefox-kompendium-teil2/)
    - [Beginners Cheat Sheet - "Syntax Meanings That Are Actually Human Readable" ↪](https://github.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/blob/master/Wiki/SyntaxMeaningsThatAreActuallyHumanReadable.md)
- Unsorted topics:
    - [Privacy stuff](./Privacy-stuff)
    - [Tricks and tips waterfall](./Tips-and-tricks-waterfall)
    - [How to ...](./How-to-...)
    - [Memory footprint: what happens inside uBlock after installation](./Memory-footprint:-what-happens-inside-uBlock-after-installation)
    - [uBlock vs. ABP: efficiency compared](./uBlock-vs.-ABP:-efficiency-compared)
    - [Own memory usage: benchmarks over time](./Own-memory-usage:-benchmarks-over-time)
    - [Contributed memory usage: benchmarks over time](./Contributed-memory-usage:-benchmarks-over-time)
    - [Counterpoint: Who cares about efficiency, I have 8 GB RAM and|or a quad core CPU](./Who-cares-about-efficiency,-I-have-8-GB-RAM-and%7Cor-a-quad-core-CPU)
    - [Myth: uBlock consumes over 80MB](./Myth:-uBlock-consumes-over-80MB)
    - [Myth: uBlock is just slightly less resource intensive than Adblock Plus](./Myth:-uBlock-is-just-slightly-less-resource-intensive-than-Adblock-Plus)
    - [Counterpoints: unsorted](./Counterarguments)
    - [uBlock and others: Blocking ads, trackers, malwares](./uBlock-and-others:-Blocking-ads,-trackers,-malwares)
    - [About "This other extension reports more stuff blocked!"](./About-%22This-other-extension-reports-more-stuff-blocked!%22)
    - [About "uBlock is inferior in capabilities as a result of being lighter on the browser"](./About-%22uBlock-is-inferior-in-capabilities-as-a-result-of-being-lighter-on-the-browser%22)
    - [About "Why uBlock Origin works so much better than Pi‑hole does?"](./About-%22Why-uBlock-Origin-works-so-much-better-than-Pi%E2%80%91hole-does%3F%22)
    - [Various videos showing side by side comparison of the load speed of complex sites](./Various-videos-showing-side-by-side-comparison-of-the-load-speed-of-complex-sites)
    - [Scientific papers](./Scientific-papers)
    - [Why don't you accept donations?](./Why-don't-you-accept-donations%3F)
    - [Reference description of uBO in various extensions stores](./Reference-description-of-uBO-in-various-extensions-stores)
    - [Draft version of this wiki](https://github.com/uBlockOrigin/uBlock-issues/wiki)

Commit message:

List options in "Install from" section, add Edge and manual building links

Home.md, after:

- [Chinese translation of this Wiki: 中文](https://github.com/fang5566/uBlock/wiki/Home)
- [Change log](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/releases) / [Pre-fork: 0.8.2.1 - 0.2.0.0](https://github.com/uBlock-LLC/uBlock/releases?after=0.8.2.2) / [Pre-fork: 0.1.4.8 and less](./Change-log)
- [Permissions](./Permissions)
    - [Can you trust uBlock Origin?](./Can-you-trust-uBlock-Origin%3F)
- [Privacy policy](./Privacy-policy)
- Install from:
    - [Mozilla Add-ons for Firefox ↪](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/ublock-origin/),
    - [Chrome web store ↪](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/ublock-origin/cjpalhdlnbpafiamejdnhcphjbkeiagm),
    - [Opera addons ↪](https://addons.opera.com/en-gb/extensions/details/ublock/),
    - [Edge Add-ons ↪](https://microsoftedge.microsoft.com/addons/detail/ublock-origin/odfafepnkmbhccpbejgmiehpchacaeak),
    - [Tagged release package](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/tree/master/dist#install),
    - [Source, by building by yourself](https://github.com/gorhill/uBlock/tree/master/dist#build-instructions-for-developers)
- [The popup user interface](./Quick-guide:-popup-user-interface)
    - [The per-site switches](./Per-site-switches)
- [The context menu](./The-context-menu)
- [Dashboard](./Dashboard)
    - [_Settings_](./Dashboard:-Settings) pane
        - [Cloud storage](./Cloud-storage)
        - [Advanced-user-features](./Advanced-user-features)
            - [Advanced-settings](./Advanced-settings)
    - [_Filter lists_](./Dashboard:-Filter-lists) pane
        - [Filter lists from around the web](./Filter-lists-from-around-the-web)
    - [_My filters_](./Dashboard:-My-filters) pane
        - [Static filter syntax](./Static-filter-syntax)
            - [Procedural cosmetic filters](./Procedural-cosmetic-filters)
            - [Resources Library](./Resources-Library)
    - [_My rules_](./Dashboard:-My-rules) pane
        - [Dynamic filtering](./Dynamic-filtering)
            - [Quick guide](./Dynamic-filtering:-quick-guide)
            - [Rule syntax](./Dynamic-filtering:-rule-syntax)
            - [Rule precedence](./Dynamic-filtering:-precedence)
            - [Blocking mode](./Blocking-mode)
        - [Dynamic URL filtering](./Dynamic-URL-filtering)
    - [_Trusted sites_ pane](./Dashboard:-Trusted-sites)
        - [How to mark a web site as trusted](./How-to-mark-a-web-site-as-trusted)
    - [Keyboard shortcuts](./Keyboard-shortcuts)
- [The logger](./The-logger)
    - [DOM inspector](./DOM-inspector)
- [Element picker](./Element-picker)
- [Element zapper](./Element-zapper)
- [Blocking mode](./Blocking-mode)
    - [Very easy mode](./Blocking-mode:-very-easy-mode)
    - [Easy mode](./Blocking-mode:-easy-mode) (default)
        - [Easy mode + more privacy](./Dynamic-filtering:-to-easily-reduce-privacy-exposure)
        - [Easy mode + enhanced security/privacy](./Dynamic-filtering:-Benefits-of-blocking-3rd-party-iframe-tags)
    - [Medium mode](./Blocking-mode:-medium-mode) (optimal for advanced users)
    - [Hard mode](./Blocking-mode:-hard-mode)
    - [Nightmare mode](./Blocking-mode:-nightmare-mode)
- [Strict blocking](./Strict-blocking)
    - [Badware risks](./Badware-risks)
- [Overview of uBlock's network filtering engine](./Overview-of-uBlock's-network-filtering-engine)
    - [Overview of uBlock's network filtering engine: details](./Overview-of-uBlock's-network-filtering-engine:-details)
    - [Does uBlock block ads or just hide them?](./Does-uBlock-block-ads-or-just-hide-them%3F)
    - [Doesn't uBlock Origin add overhead to page load?](./Doesn't-uBlock-Origin-add-overhead-to-page-load%3F)
- [Tools, tests](./Tools)
- [Deploying uBlock Origin](./Deploying-uBlock-Origin)
- Troubleshooting:
    - [Privileged Pages](./Privileged-Pages)
    - [Software known to have uninstalled uBlock Origin](./Software-known-to-have-uninstalled-uBlock-Origin)
    - [The removed element reappears when you reload the page](./Element-picker#the-removed-element-reappears-when-you-reload-the-page)
    - [Read carefully if using uBO/webext on legacy Firefox](./Firefox-WebExtensions)
- Good external guides:
    - [How to use uBlock Origin advanced user mode tutorial ↪](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2lisQQmWQkY)
    - [Firefox: uBlock Origin – Firefox-Kompendium Teil2 ↪](https://www.kuketz-blog.de/firefox-ublock-origin-firefox-kompendium-teil2/)
    - [Beginners Cheat Sheet - "Syntax Meanings That Are Actually Human Readable" ↪](https://github.com/DandelionSprout/adfilt/blob/master/Wiki/SyntaxMeaningsThatAreActuallyHumanReadable.md)
- Unsorted topics:
    - [Privacy stuff](./Privacy-stuff)
    - [Tricks and tips waterfall](./Tips-and-tricks-waterfall)
    - [How to ...](./How-to-...)
    - [Memory footprint: what happens inside uBlock after installation](./Memory-footprint:-what-happens-inside-uBlock-after-installation)
    - [uBlock vs. ABP: efficiency compared](./uBlock-vs.-ABP:-efficiency-compared)
    - [Own memory usage: benchmarks over time](./Own-memory-usage:-benchmarks-over-time)
    - [Contributed memory usage: benchmarks over time](./Contributed-memory-usage:-benchmarks-over-time)
    - [Counterpoint: Who cares about efficiency, I have 8 GB RAM and|or a quad core CPU](./Who-cares-about-efficiency,-I-have-8-GB-RAM-and%7Cor-a-quad-core-CPU)
    - [Myth: uBlock consumes over 80MB](./Myth:-uBlock-consumes-over-80MB)
    - [Myth: uBlock is just slightly less resource intensive than Adblock Plus](./Myth:-uBlock-is-just-slightly-less-resource-intensive-than-Adblock-Plus)
    - [Counterpoints: unsorted](./Counterarguments)
    - [uBlock and others: Blocking ads, trackers, malwares](./uBlock-and-others:-Blocking-ads,-trackers,-malwares)
    - [About "This other extension reports more stuff blocked!"](./About-%22This-other-extension-reports-more-stuff-blocked!%22)
    - [About "uBlock is inferior in capabilities as a result of being lighter on the browser"](./About-%22uBlock-is-inferior-in-capabilities-as-a-result-of-being-lighter-on-the-browser%22)
    - [About "Why uBlock Origin works so much better than Pi‑hole does?"](./About-%22Why-uBlock-Origin-works-so-much-better-than-Pi%E2%80%91hole-does%3F%22)
    - [Various videos showing side by side comparison of the load speed of complex sites](./Various-videos-showing-side-by-side-comparison-of-the-load-speed-of-complex-sites)
    - [Scientific papers](./Scientific-papers)
    - [Why don't you accept donations?](./Why-don't-you-accept-donations%3F)
    - [Reference description of uBO in various extensions stores](./Reference-description-of-uBO-in-various-extensions-stores)
    - [Draft version of this wiki](https://github.com/uBlockOrigin/uBlock-issues/wiki)
